Feature reference audit: known limitations (#996)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/known_limitations.md

# Known limitations

> Currently, MeiliSearch has a number of known limitations. Some of these limitations are the result of design trade-offs when balancing relevancy and performance, while others are dictated by [LMDB](/reference/under_the_hood/storage.md), the key-value store we use under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, MeiliSearch has a number of known limitations. Some of these limitations are the result of intentional design choices, while others come from [LMDB](/reference/under_the_hood/storage.md), the key-value store MeiliSearch uses [under the hood](/reference/under_the_hood).
```

## Design limitations

### Number of query words

The maximum number of terms taken into account for each [search query](/reference/features/search_parameters.md#query-q) is 10. **If a search query includes more than 10 words, all words after the 10th will be ignored.**

> Large queries can lead to long response times and MeiliSearch's goal is to provide a [fast search-as-you-type experience](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/philosophy.md#front-facing-search).

Reviewer: After your changes, I find this sentence a bit confusing:

> Large queries can lead to long response times

As we just said, there's a limit of 10 query terms max, making it impossible for users to make large queries. But this sentence makes it sound as though it may be possible (but merely discouraged).

This could be solved by adopting a "Limitation: ... Explanation: ..." format, as described in a separate comment.

Author: Hmmm…my interpretation of `large queries` is not that the query _contains_ many terms, but that it _returns_ many documents.

This confusion means that I need to 1) confirm what is the correct interpretation of the original sentence and 2) rephrase it anyway to avoid misunderstandings.

Author: Ignore my previous comment as it makes no sense.

The limitation/explanation format helps, but perhaps we should make this more explicit.

```suggestion
The more terms in a query, the longer it will take MeiliSearch to return matching documents. This goes against our goal of providing a [fast search-as-you-type experience](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/philosophy.md#front-facing-search).
```

Reviewer: I'm not convinced we should go with this phrasing, since the shortest queries can sometimes take the longest (single-letter queries on large datasets, for example). I think it also probably depends whether you have the `words` ranking rule enabled. This seems like it could be misleading, but then again, I'm no expert! We could discuss it tomorrow in the docs sync meeting.

Author: Yeah, you're right. It's a bit of a bold statement which very likely simplifies what actually happens under the hood.

```suggestion
Queries with many search terms can lead to long response times. This goes against our goal of providing a [fast search-as-you-type experience](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/philosophy.md#front-facing-search).
```

### Database size

MeiliSearch uses two databases: one for storage and one for updates. On launch, LMDB needs to know the maximum size that it will need to reserve on disk for both of them.

> The default maximum database size is __100GiB__. This size can be modified using the options `--max-mdb-size` & `--max-udb-size` as described in the [configuration guide](/reference/features/configuration.md#max-mdb-size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default maximum database size is __100GiB__. This size can be modified using the options `--max-mdb-size` & `--max-udb-size` as described in the [configuration reference](/reference/features/configuration.md#max-mdb-size).
```

### Database size

**Limitation:** The default maximum database size is __100GiB__. This size can be modified using the options `--max-mdb-size` & `--max-udb-size` as described in the [configuration reference](/reference/features/configuration.md#max-mdb-size).

**Explanation:** MeiliSearch uses two databases: one for storage and one for updates. On launch, LMDB needs to know the maximum size that it will need to reserve on disk for both of them.

### Number of indexes

**Limitation:** You can create __up to 200 indexes__ in MeiliSearch.

**Explanation:** This limit has been hard-coded for performance reasons.

### Maximum words per attribute

**Limitation:** MeiliSearch can index a maximum of __1000 words per attribute__. If an attribute contains more than 1000 words, only the first 1000 words will be indexed and the rest will be silently ignored.

**Explanation:** This limit is enforced for relevancy reasons. The more words there are in a given attribute, the less relevant the search queries will be.

## Other limitations

### Payload size

> **Limitation:** The default limit for the payload size is around __100MB__.

Author: @dichotommy how do you feel about `around 100MB`? I'm a bit bothered because it feels so imprecise. Although functionally similar, I'm tempted to replace it with `~100MB`.
